Didn't I tell you not to come?
Zheng Hai and I both know
You made a will
Give the inheritance to Oudian
The unrelated guy
What do you give him that suits me?
I will give it to whoever I love
It's up to you.
Last time, you said you owed Grandpa too much
I want to clear up the past
Why is there no blood relationship now?
Relationship with outsiders
Mom used to be our really indifferent grandfather
Want to make up for him
But that horse is a horse
Should your stuff be given to the closest person?
Mom, Yaoyao is your biological granddaughter.
How much did he suffer outside?
How much have you suffered?
Finally got home
You grandma
Don't you feel sorry?
Don't you want to compensate?
How could I not feel sorry for him?
As long as he gets home and gets along well with his grandfather
The inheritance naturally has his share
But what about him?
Aim for cover everywhere
In the end, there is only a face in your heart
Mom, a lot has happened at the company lately
I sold out all my properties
I finally bought the most valuable piece of land
But I heard that construction must start within a month
He also said that it cannot be transferred for sale within 5 years
I borrowed money from the bank and many friends
But that's millions in interest every month
Recently, the company has not been able to turn around well.
I can't repay the loan to him
If you don't help us
Our family really paid it back
If you hadn't ignored me all these years
You didn't come to see me when I was sick and in the hospital
Even wish I died
If it weren't for you
Drive my granddaughter away without telling me
If you hadn't done so much over the years
Of course I will help you.
But now it's too late.
Your own sins
Do it yourself